Possible Improvements Next Semester:
    1. Rather than having the static way of talking to see what people want to implement into their engine/game, we could do a
        weekly optional survey or add an optional question to the existing one to. This would allow me to maybe talk about specific
        things in the weekly video (if we continue that) and allows you to see where everyone is at in what they want next to 
        continue their game. This could be started midway through the semester so we establish the basics of everything.
    2. I think it would be relativley easy/intuitive to implement the collisions of OnCollisionEnter, OnCollisionStay, and 
        OnCollisionEnd within our new way of doing collisions
    3. I think requiring Git would be useful. I could even create a lecture/video all about it on the first week just
        to help them get hands on experience. You could even just get a feel for the class with how many people know 
        how to use git but it is such a useful tool that they will need to use for Adv. Game Programming more than likley.
    4. Seperate the array of points of the asset/model and the collision model
        - It would be as simple as having another variable called CollisionPoints, where if its not entered, it equals
            points. This would seperate the collision with the actual drawing of the assets so you can have a simplified
            collision  model vs. a more advanced model. Because in unity, you can have a mesh collider, or a more 
            pre-defined collisder which would be just changing the collision points. 

Things I could add:
    1. Breakable Platforms
        - When particle system is implemented, make it so the platform is actually crumbling and then disapears, 
            spawning more particles while the player is on it. 
    2. Diversify Enemies
        - Static shooting Enemy ("turret")
        - Slow lobbing attack enemey ("throws a grenade like thing")
            - Has some sort of invisible radius with the player and if in that range, stop moving and throw the projectile
        - Charging enemy where if its in the same line of sight as the player, then it accelerates in that direction
    3. Collectibles/Currency
        - Do an elimiation counter where when you die, you can use this currency to upgrade your stats in like a shop scene
            and try again
    5. Maybe a basic UI for skills/abilities
        - rectangle with text saying its ability and a timer for next use 
    7. Create a scene manager and create multiple scenes with multiple path ways
    8. Create effects like a fading away

Things outside of the Video:
    - Create a better scene

Next Video:
    - 

Possible Video Ideas
    - Show off unity and how to use what we have to move into unity